how friends of youtube gives a lot
a greeting to my face already knows it but 72
my name is fernando rivers this occasion
I bring you this combo - that zinc of a
waterproof fujifilm camera with great
technology to take pictures of
underwater please let's also
I want to show you inside this box
zinc this stone that is here in
staircase where you mark the days that are missing
for the end of the world here is the
proof that if the muscle will be finished
and we are going to die all here says it see
the precious stone missing there is
69 days left until December 21
of 2012 is karen mexico and good
today this today is from genetics the date
because I'm lost today is 13 of
October
in 2012 well let's make this box
sing here next to the stone is a box
cardboard where this camera has 27
exhibitions so that you can
photographing underwater is a
800 movie that a movie the only
difference with good the previous ones is
that when you do your development you have
the advantage of being able to do all this
to be able to do the copying to the disk
digital of these cameras you're going to
reveal and you can do in usb you
your backup so that the disk good usb
the back here we have the great boxing
there is the camera very well we have been given
to those lacking an outgoing plus where
which includes snorkelling buffet food
the guide that has put our
for its date and well this is the camera
see here you take the one you take away this is
take and you have to give
back here to the a
when you take the picture you turn it
here you go through you travel like many
of you have no idea how
I used this because that only made them
disposable cameras today everything is
digital this camera comes hermetically
comes closed with this plastic and good
friends of youtube greet my channel and
know him 72 my name fernando ríos
to steal god journalist on twitter
we go to the next